{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 ============================\b\fs36 Assignment17\b0\fs22 ===============================\fs24\lang1033\par
\b\fs22\lang9\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Submitted By \fs36 TANUJA SHARMA\b0\fs24\lang1033\par
\fs22\lang9 ==============================================================================\fs24\lang1033\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f1\fs22\lang9 Section I\par
1) What is Agile Testing?\par
Ans1= Agile Testing: \b0 Agile Testing is a type of software testing that follows the principles of agile software development to test the software application. "Agile" signifies something that can be performed quickly and immediately.\par
Agile testing takes place simultaneously through the Development Life Cycle.\b\par
\par
2) What is the difference between burn-up and burn-down charts?\par
Ans2= \b0 The main difference between the burndown chart and the burnup chart is that the burndown chart represents how much work is left and the burnup chart represents how much work is completed.\par
\b Burn-up:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 It says about the completed portion.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Progress is steady throughout the project.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Slope is positive.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It gives a slow output.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b Burn-down:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 It says about the pending portion.\tab\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Progress is not steady throughout the project. \par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Slope is negative.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It gives a fast output.\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
3) Define the roles in Scrum?\par
Ans3= There are 3 roles in Scrum are:\par
Product owner: \b0 a project's stakeholder\lang16393 , \f2\lang9 typically someone from marketing or product management, or the lead user of a system. They have a deep understanding of users, the marketplace, competitors, and trends.\b\f1\par
Scrum master: \b0 A scrum master is a coach and a guide who ensures their team understands the scrum framework and its principles, values, and practices.\b\par
Development team members: \b0 team of people who are at the core of the Scrum development team structure.\b\par
\par
4) What is Product Backlog & Sprint Backlog?\par
Ans4= Product Backlog: \b0 Product Backlog is a list of tasks organized in order of importance, so that the team knows what work needs to be completed first. the Product Backlog also contains the Product Goal,\f2  what the team aims to achieve in the long run as far as the product is concerned.\b\f1\par
Sprint Backlog: \b0 Sprint Backlog is a list of tasks the team plans to complete in a Sprint. Team members curate the list together during the Sprint Planning meeting, and the items are derived from the Product Backlog.\b  \b0 The goal of the Sprint Backlog is to ensure that the workload is in tune with the Sprint Goal.\b\par
\par
5) Explain the difference between a Traditional Waterfall Model and Agile testing.\par
Ans5= The difference between a Traditional Waterfall Model and Agile testing are:\par
Waterfall:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Software development process is divided into distinct phases.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It's a sequential design process.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Software development will be completed as one single project.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There is no scope of changing the requirements once the project development starts.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}The test plan is rarely discussed during the test phase.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Agile:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 It separates the project development lifecycle into sprints.\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 It follows an incremental approach.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Agile can be considered as a collection of many different projects.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Agile is quite a flexible method which allows changes to be made in the project development requirements even if the initial planning has been completed.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Test plan is reviewed after each sprint\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b\par
6) Explain the Iterative and Incremental Development in Agile?\par
Ans6= Iterative Development: \b0 Iterative development is when teams gradually build up the features and functions but don\rquote t wait until each of these is complete before releasing. They release a basic version of each feature and the add to that feature in subsequent iterative releases, usually based on feedback from the basic version released.\b\par
 Incremental Development: \b0 Incremental development is a development approach that slices the product into fully working slices that are called increments. Each new increment builds on top of the existing released functionality.\b\par
\par
7) What qualities should a good Agile tester have?\par
Ans7= \b0 Qualities should a good Agile tester have,\par
\b Flexibility: \b0\f2 it enables you to change the scope of the project skillfully and adapt to the current needs of the customer.\par
\b Being a team player\f1\lang16393 : \b0\f2\lang9  we work as a team. We value effective communication, cooperation, and mutual respect. We know that we are all working towards a common goal \endash  we want to build a product according to the customers\rquote  expectations and specified requirements.\par
\b Openness to changes\f1\lang16393 : \b0\f2\lang9 change is the only constant element in Agile projects. We are open to changes both in the requirements and the way we work as a team.\par
\b Business correctness\f1\lang16393 : \b0\f2\lang9 the ability to conduct effective conversations with the customers or their representatives\f1\lang16393 .\lang9\par
\b\par
8) What is the difference between Epic, User stories & Tasks?\par
Ans8= Epic: \b0 An epic is a large body of work that can be broken down into several smaller stories, or tasks.This helps teams manage workloads and prioritize tasks in a more organized manner. \par
\b User stories: \b0 A story is a functional requirement that provides some business value. It also has to be small enough to comfortably fit within a sprint. Stories are written in a language that is easily understood by the Product Owner and business users. \par
\b Tasks: \b0 A task is a specific action that must be completed in order to achieve a goal. In Agile development, tasks are used to break down epics and user stories into smaller components that can then be assigned to individual team members. \par
\b\par
9) What is a Task-board in Agile?\par
Ans9= \b0 A task board is a tool used by individuals, teams or organizations to represent work and its path towards completion. \par
eg= Kanban\par
\b\par
10) What are the characteristics of a good Agile tester?\par
Ans10= Characteristics of a good Agile tester are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Domain knowledge.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keen to learn and adopt new technology.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Effective communicator who maintains good relationship with development team.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
11) When should we use Agile Scrum Methodology?\par
Ans11=\b0 Agile scrum methodology is the combination of the agile philosophy and the scrum framework. Agile means \ldblquote incremental, allowing teams to develop projects in small increments. Scrum is one of the many types of agile methodology, known for breaking projects down into sizable chunks called \ldblquote sprints.\rdblquote  Agile scrum methodology is good for businesses that need to finish specific projects quickly.\b\par
\par
12) What is Sprint in Agile Methodology?\par
Ans12= Sprint: \b0 A sprint is a short, time-boxed period when a scrum team works to complete a set amount of work. It is a set period of time to complete the user stories, decided by the product owner and developer team, usually 2-4 weeks of time.  \b\par
\par
13) Why is it important to conduct daily stand-up meetings?\par
Ans13= \b0 A daily stand-up meeting in Agile is an opportunity for the project team to discuss a project's progress at a high level. These meetings last 15 minutes and allow each contributor to report on their accomplishments since the last stand-up meeting. It helps ensure everyone is aligned and knows what's going on.\b\par
\par
14) What sets Agile Testing apart from other traditional Software Testing Models?\par
Ans14= Agile Testing apart from other traditional Software Testing Models because,\par
\b0 1. Transparency and continuous testing\par
2. Faster time to market and quick product releases\par
3. Scope for feedback\par
4. Accountability and tighter alignment\par
5. Better collaboration\par
6. High-level software quality\b\par
\par
15) As a tester what should be your approach when requirements change continuously?\par
Ans15=When requirement keeps changing, continuously agile tester should take following approach,\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Write generic test plans and test cases, which focuses on the intent of the requirement rather than its exact details\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}To understand the scope of change, work closely with the product owners or business analyst\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Make sure team understand the risks involved in changing requirements especially at the end of the sprint\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Until the feature is stable, and the requirements are finalized, it is best to wait if you are going to automate the feature\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Changes can be kept to a minimum by negotiating or implement the changes in the next sprint\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
Section II\par
1.Which of the following is not a state of a Bug in Bug Life Cycle:\par
A. New\par
B. Open\par
C. Verified\par
D. Deffered\par
E. Critical\par
Ans1= Critical\par
\par
2. If a defect is delayed for later phases it proves more costly:\par
A. True\par
B. False\par
Ans2= True\par
\par
3. Executing the same test case by giving the number of inputs on same build called as?\par
A. Regression Testing\par
B. Retesting\par
C. Ad-Hoc Testing\par
D. Smoke Testing\par
Ans3= Retesting\par
\par
4.Boundary value analysis belongs to which testing method?\par
A. White Box Testing\par
B. Black Box Testing\par
C. Grey Box Testing\par
Ans4= Black Box Testing\par
\par
5. Executing the same test case on a modified build called as?\par
A. Sanity Testing\par
B. Monkey Testing\par
C. Retesting\par
D. Regression Testing\par
Ans5= Regression Testing\par
\par
6.Which is Black-Box Testing method?\par
A. Code coverage\par
B. Fault injection\par
C. Equivalence Partitioning\par
Ans6= Equivalence Partitioning\par
\par
 7. Informing the developer which bug to be fixed first is called as?\par
A. Severity\par
B. Priority\par
C. Traceability\par
D. Flexibility\par
Ans7= Priority\par
\par
 8. How severe the bug is affecting the application is called as?\par
A. Severity\par
B. Priority\par
C. Traceability\par
D. Flexibility\par
Ans8= Severity\par
\par
\par
 9. Which one of the below is not a Bug Tracking tool?\par
A. Bugzilla\par
B. Team Track\par
C. Selenium\par
Ans9= Selenium\par
\par
 10. What is not present in the test case?\par
A. Requirement ID\par
B. Test Case ID\par
C. Bug ID\par
Ans10= Bug ID\par
}
 