{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fswiss Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 ============================\b\fs36 Assignment22\b0\fs22 ===============================\fs24\lang1033\par
\b\fs22\lang9\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Submitted By \fs36 TANUJA SHARMA\b0\fs24\lang1033\par
\fs22\lang9 ==============================================================================\par
\b Que1. Why should Selenium be selected as a test tool?\par
Ans1= Selenium should be selected as a test tool because,\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Selenium is a pure and open-source, freeware and portable tool.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It supports a varios languages that include Java, Perl, Python etc.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There are many o/s which is being supported by Selenium like Windows, Mac, Linux etc.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab} It supports Browsers like Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari etc .\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Selenium requires very less CPU and RAM consumption for script execution.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Selenium comes with the different component to provide support to its parent which is Selenium IDE, Selenium Grid and Selenium Remote Control (RC).\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b Que2. What is Selenium? What are the different Selenium components?\par
Ans2= Selenium: \b0 Selenium is an automation testing tool used to test web-based applications. Selenium is not a single tool but a suite of tools. \par
There are four components of Selenium \lang16393 are: \f1\lang9 Selenium IDE, RC, WebDriver, and Grid.\par
\b\f0\lang16393 1. Selenium IDE: \b0 Selenium IDE is a simple record and playback kind of tool which comes as an add-on for Mozilla Firefox only. Test cases written in IDE can be exported in many programming languages.\b\par
2. Selenium RC: \b0 Selenium RC is the older version of Selenium Suite. It supports multiple browsers. In Selenium RC, there is a manual process called Selenium Server is mandatory to start before execution, which acts as a middleman between the code and the browser.\b\par
3. Selenium WebDriver: \b0 Selenium WebDriver is the newer version of Selenium Suite. It also supports multiple browsers. Because of many limitations with RC, WebDriver was developed. It does not require any manual process like Selenium Server. There is a direct communication between code and browser.\b\par
4. Selenium Grid: \b0 It is used for parallel testing or distributive testing. It allows us to execute test scripts on different machines at same time. There is a Hub which controls the execution on various machines, and there are multiple nodes on which actual implementation is done.\b\lang9\par
\par
Que3. What are the limitations of Selenium?\par
Ans3= Limitations of Selenium are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Selenium does not support automation testing for desktop applications.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Selenium requires high skill sets in order to automate tests more effectively.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Since Selenium is open source software, you have to rely on community forums to get your technical issues resolved.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}We can't perform automation tests on web services like SOAP or REST using Selenium.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}We should know at least one of the supported programming languages to create tests scripts in Selenium WebDriver.\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Que4. What are the different types of locators in Selenium?\par
Ans4= Locators: \b0 A locator is a way to identify elements on a page.\par
\b Locators in Selenium are:\par
\b0 1. ID\par
2. CSS Selector\par
3. className (rarely we use in worst case)\par
4. name\par
5. LinkText\par
6. PartialLink text\par
7. TagName\par
8. XPath\b\par
\par
Que5. What is an X-path?\par
Ans5= X-path: \b0 XPath is a query language used to traverse elements, attributes, text through an XML document. XPath is used widely to find particular elements or attribute in a XML document.\b\par
\par
Que6. What are the benefits of automated testing?\par
Ans6= Benefits of automated testing are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Saves time\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Productivity improvement\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Accuracy improvement\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Test suite reusability\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Ability to test on various platforms\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Que7. What should good coding practices be followed while writing test cases for automation?\par
Ans7= Good coding practices should be followed while writing test cases for automation are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Decide which tests to automate\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Divide tasks based on skill\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Pick the right testing framework or tool\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Test on real devices\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Keep Records for Better Debugging\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Use Data-Driven Tests\b\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\b0 Prioritize Detailed & Quality Test Reporting\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Que8. Why use automation frameworks? What are the benefits that they offer?\par
Ans8= \b0 It is important to make a use of automation framework because it focuses on improving the automation testing team\rquote s efficiency and test speed. The automation framework also enhance test accuracy, and decrease the test maintenance costs.\par
\b Benefits of automation framework are:\par
Greater efficiency: \b0 Manual testing is time-consuming. Automation allows us to do testing in less time.\par
\b Consistency:  \b0 Once code has been tested, we can confidently reuse code.\par
\b Less manual work: \b0 Having an automated script saves our time.\par
\b Comprehensive reporting: \b0 You will have all the results in one report, showing where the application failed tests.\par
\b\par
Que9. What are the factors that determine the effectiveness of Automation Testing?\par
Ans9= The factors that determine the effectiveness of Automation Testing are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Time saved by running scripts over the manual execution of test cases.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Defects found.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Test Coverage or code coverage.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Maintenance time or development time.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Stability of the scripts.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Test Reusability.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Quality of the software under test.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Que10. What are the main differences between Automation Testing & Manual Testing?\par
Ans10= Automation Testing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Automation testing is a type of testing in which we take the help of tools.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It can not give the guarantee of user-friendliness.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It's not time consuming.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There is no chance of human errors because here testing is done by tools.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There is no permission of random testing.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There is must a need of programming knowledge.\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Manual Testing:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Manual testing is a type of testing in which we do not take the help of any tools.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It checks the user-friendliness.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}It's time consuming.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There is a chance of human errors because here testing is done by humans.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Random testing allowed.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}There is no need of programming knowledge.\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Que11. What are some conditions where we cannot consider automation testing?\par
Ans11= Some conditions where we cannot automate are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Testcases that are newely designed & not executed manually at least once.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Testcases for which requiremnts changing frequently.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Testcases which are executed on adhoc-basis.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Automation testing cannot be used in usability testing.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}When project does not have enough time.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Testcases with unknown results cannot be tested.\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Testcases which have manual interactions like authorization, captcha.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\par
Que12. Can automation testing replace manual testing?\par
Ans12= \b0 Automation testing will not replace manual testing. we need both manual and automation testing. Manual testing handles complex test cases, while automated testing handles simpler, more repetitive tests. So, manual testing is still important. But adding automated testing makes our manual tests more efficient.\b\par
\par
Que13. Is documentation necessary in Automation Testing?\par
Ans13= \b0 Yes, Documentation is necessary because it's an important part of the testing process. Documentation for software testing is necessary for evaluating the testing effort needed, requirement tracking/tracing, test coverage etc.\b\par
\par
Que14. Name some popular Automation Testing tools used worldwide.\par
Ans14= Some popular Automation Testing tools are:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Selenium\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Cypress\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Tosca\b\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Que15. When should you prefer Manual Testing over Automation Testing? \par
Ans15= We prefer Manual Testing over Automation Testing when,\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 When usability is being tested\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}When flexibility is needed\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}when we do random testing\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\f2\par
}
 